Why book Firebird Moving Arts?

Firebird Moving Arts provides aerial and acrobatic entertainment and performance for events (parties etc) and venues (clubs, theaters, art galleries etc). Nadja's primary talents are lyra (aerial hoop) and aerial fabric performance. Firebird also provides solo/partner acrobatics, a variety of dance styles, flexibility/contortion, aerial fabric, net and trapeze upon request.

Influences & Inspiration

Nadja has extensive dance and acrobatic training. She is strongly influenced by her 15 years of classical ballet training, 10 years of gymnastics and extensive study as a yoga teacher and practitioner. Nadja is lucky to have studied with instructors from the Royal Ballet, New York City Ballet, CATS gymnastics, Cirque du Soleil and acroyoga.org. Nadja is also influenced by her multi-faceted dance training that has included, ballet, tap, jazz, modern, south indian classical, belly dancing, Latin and African dance. Her aerial and acrobatic performances draw from her wide range of exposure and experience.

Bio

Nadja Tizer is the owner and operator of Firebird Moving Arts L.L.C., an organization that provides moving arts instruction in yoga, aerial yoga, solo and partner acrobatics, dance and creative aerial arts. Nadja has been dancing and performing since the early eighties. She became a 200-hour certified yoga instructor in 2008 and an aerial yoga instructor in fall 2009. She currently teaches and performs around the Denver metro area. Nadja's specialty is choreography and performance for aerial hoop and fabric. She also works with a variety of talented circus arts performers. Need performers for your next gig? Contact Nadja (Firebird) to book acrobats, aerialists, dancers, fire and hoop performers. Firebird can provide costumes, make up, performers and insured aerial apparatus for your next event.

Overview
When you hire Firebird for your next gig, you will not be disappointed. You can expect live, professional, original, acrobatic and aerial choreography and dance to meet your every need. All you need to do is contact us with your event info, and we will do the rest.

Set List

Firebird currently has 5-10 pre-choreographed aerial hoop numbers and 2 fabric acts but we can do improv/ambience for aerial hoop and/or fabric. We are also happy to create and tailor our performances to suit your needs.

Additional Booking Notes
Firebird has rigging devices and equipment for aerial hoop and aerial fabric but requires a ceiling point or beam in order to rig for aerial performance. When and where there is no ability to rig for aerial, we can provide dance, contortion or acrobatic performance instead.

Contact Us

When you hire Firebird for your next gig, you will not be disappointed. You can expect live, professional, original, acrobatic and aerial choreography and dance to meet your every need. All you need to do is contact us with your event info, and we will do the rest. Additional Booking Notes Firebird has rigging devices and equipment for aerial hoop and aerial fabric but requires a ceiling point or beam in order to rig for aerial performance. When and where there is no ability to rig for aerial, we can provide dance, contortion or acrobatic performance instead.

images/doubles-Leo.jpg
images/fabric-red-scott-2.jpg
images/firebird-michael.jpg
images/rope-by-scott.jpg